1. Code Llama 7b
 
NAME_OF_FILE,LINE_NUMBER,SMELL_CATEGORY
{bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml},3,Hard-coded secret
{bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml},5,Empty password
{bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml},6,Hard-coded secret
{bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml},7,Empty password
{bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml},12,Admin by default

2. GPT-4o

bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,12,empty password
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,31,use of HTTP without SSL/TLS
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,32,use of HTTP without SSL/TLS
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,33,use of HTTP without SSL/TLS
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,37,hard-coded secret
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,41,hard-coded secret
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,45,hard-coded secret
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,6,suspicious comment
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,28,suspicious comment
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,54,suspicious comment

2.1 GPT-4o Detailed

bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,12,Empty password
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,23,Use of HTTP without SSL/TLS
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,24,Use of HTTP without SSL/TLS
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,34,Hard-coded secret
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,35,Hard-coded secret
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,35,Use of HTTP without SSL/TLS
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,36,Use of HTTP without SSL/TLS
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,37,Use of HTTP without SSL/TLS
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,40,Hard-coded secret
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,44,Hard-coded secret

3. Grok-4 Reasoning

bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,4,No integrity check
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,15,Admin by default
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,16,Empty password
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,16,Hard-coded secret
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,22,Use of HTTP without SSL/TLS
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,47,Admin by default
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,48,Hard-coded secret
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,50,Use of HTTP without SSL/TLS
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,51,Use of HTTP without SSL/TLS
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,52,Use of HTTP without SSL/TLS
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,56,Hard-coded secret
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,62,Hard-coded secret


4. Claude Sonnet 4 Reasoning Detailed
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,15,Hard-coded secret
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,15,Admin by default
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,16,Empty password
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,47,Hard-coded secret
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,47,Admin by default
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,48,Hard-coded secret
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,49,Admin by default
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,55,Hard-coded secret
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,56,Hard-coded secret
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,61,Hard-coded secret
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,62,Hard-coded secret

4. Groud Truth

bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,15,Hard-coded secret,2
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,15,Admin by default,2
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,16,Empty password,3
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,47,Hard-coded secret,2
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,47,Admin by default,2
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,48,Hard-coded secret,3
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,55,Hard-coded secret,2
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,56,Hard-coded secret,3
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,61,Hard-coded secret,2
bifrost-playbooks-roles-bifrost-keystone-install-defaults-main.yml,62,Hard-coded secret,3

